The file structure should be setup so that the working files are sectioned off and have a seperate folder for text documents like a user manual.
This is useful to keep everything organized and clear for users of the applications and other developers.

Github Repo: "https://github.com/Michael-Ward-Keyin/Advanced_Programming_Sprint_Solo"

Build Process:
Download files from Github
Install java if not already installed
Make sure the file structure is organized correctly
Navigate to the proper directory through the terminal
Compile the java files so you can run the proram
Once the files are compiled run the Main.java file to test the program and give us the output.

Development Standards:
Proper development standards should be kept in mind when working on this project.
Following naming structures and coding style of the work previously done on the file.
All files should have proper JavaDoc usage throughout to streamline the development process.

Database:

Tables

Patients
    ID primary key int
    first_name string
    last_name string
    age int
    phone_number string
    address string

Doctors
    ID primary key int
    first_name string
    last_name string
    specialization string
    phone_number string

Medication
    ID primary key int
    name string
    dose string
    quantity int
    expiry_date date

Prescriptions
    ID primary key int
    doctor_ID foreign key references doctors ID
    patient_ID foreign key references patient ID
    medication_ID foreign key references medication ID
    expiry_date date

Entity relationships:

Patient to doctor:
    Many to Many as a patient can have multiple doctors and the other way around.
    
doctor to prescription:
    One to Many as a doctor gives many prescriptions but each prescription has one doctor.

patient to prescription:
    One to Many as a patient can have many prescriptions but each prescription has one patient.

medication to prescription:
    One to Many as medication can be in many prescriptions but a prescription has only one medication.

Getting to the code:

To get access to the code you can use the above github link to clone the repository to begin working on the project.
